Lou Vang
Essay Week7 Respone
An industry guide to becoming a software engineer by Bill Langenberg

  The presentation of "An industry guide to becoming a software engineer" by Bill Langenberg, there is a lot of requirements to become a software engineer. You have to know what skills you need and employers they look for. Some skills that you will need to know are data structures, algorithm analysis, impact analysis, problem solving and debugging, and coding fluency. Those are just soft skills, without knowing those it'll be difficult to work in the IT filed. Also, you'll have to know the software engineering such as linux, choose the right tool for the job, basic security, and how to be productive. Taking this night class, it'll help me a lot of my software engineering because it focused on linux. Now moving to what they're looking for as an employer. During a interview, the first thing they'll look at is your resume. The things they want to see are have you done any internship in the field of software engineering, high GPA, completed courses of Core CS Skills, and hackathon participation. Talking about the GPA, a professor once told me that you have to have a GPA higher than 3.0. If not, there is a low chance they're going to hiring. This make me realized that I have to work hard on my GPA if I want to become a software engineer. During interview there are a lot of things you need to know and do to be succeeding. You'll have to know the background of the company you're interviewing at and dress code.  During conversation, be able to talk about your experience and projects, answers any questions they have, and ask questions in the end. After reading this presentation, I'll have to apply everything in my head to be succeeding of becoming a software engineer and work harder. If not, I know I won’t be able to succeeding of becoming a software engineer.
